[Docs] Add Slurm migration guide (#8515)
skypilot-org/skypilot: docs/source/reference/slurm-migration.rst

   done

Your task YAML can use ``TASK_ID`` to vary behavior:

.. code-block:: yaml

   envs:
     TASK_ID: null  # Required, passed via --env

   run: |
     echo "Running task $TASK_ID"
     python train.py --seed $TASK_ID

For hyperparameter sweeps, you can also pass multiple environment variables:

.. code-block:: bash

   for lr in 0.001 0.01 0.1; do
     for batch in 32 64 128; do
       sky jobs launch --env LR=$lr --env BATCH=$batch -y -d task.yaml
     done
   done

Module System Alternative
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Slurm clusters often use environment modules (``module load cuda``). With SkyPilot, you have several alternatives:

**Use setup commands:**

.. code-block:: yaml

   setup: |
     pip install torch==2.1.0
     pip install -r requirements.txt

**Use Docker images:**

.. code-block:: yaml

   resources:
     image_id: docker:pytorch/pytorch:2.1.0-cuda12.1-cudnn8-runtime

   run: |
     python train.py

**Use conda environments:**

.. code-block:: yaml

   setup: |
     conda create -n myenv python=3.10 -y
     conda activate myenv
     conda install pytorch pytorch-cuda=12.1 -c pytorch -c nvidia -y

   run: |
     conda activate myenv
     python train.py

> Login Node

Reviewer: Perhaps pull this up?

.. _slurm-to-skypilot:

Migrating from Slurm to SkyPilot
================================

This guide helps users familiar with Slurm transition to SkyPilot. It covers command mappings, environment variables, script porting, and common workflow patterns.

Why use SkyPilot instead of Slurm?
----------------------------------

TODO - isolation, multi-cluster, ...?

Slurm to SkyPilot
-----------------

Most slurm concepts map directly to SkyPilot concepts.

.. list-table::
   :widths: 25 40 35
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Slurm
     - SkyPilot
     - Notes
   * - ``salloc --gpus=8``
     - ``sky launch -c dev --gpus H100:8`` then ``ssh dev``
     - Interactive allocation
   * - ``salloc`` + ``srun``
     - ``sky launch -c dev task.yaml``
     - Allocate then run commands
   * - ``srun <command>``
     - ``sky exec <cluster> <command>``
     - Run command on existing cluster
   * - ``squeue``
     - ``sky status``

>      - View running clusters and jobs

Author: `squeue` shows both interactive sessions and jobs, so it maps directly to `sky status`. `sky jobs queue` is closer to `sacct`.

- Audit logs of who launched what
- Role-based access control (RBAC)

Backend-specific notes
----------------------

> SkyPilot runs on multiple backends including Kubernetes, cloud VMs, and even Slurm itself. If you're using SkyPilot on Kubernetes, the following sections cover K8s-specific considerations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SkyPilot runs on multiple backends including Kubernetes, cloud VMs, and even Slurm itself. If you're migrating from Slurm to use SkyPilot on Kubernetes, the following sections cover K8s-specific considerations.
```
The logic was a little indirect, which is what tripped me up.
